[ci skip] Add clarity on protect_from_forgery documentation (#39950)
rails/rails: guides/source/security.md

NOTE: We can't distinguish a `<script>` tag's origin—whether it's a tag on your own site or on some other malicious site—so we must block all `<script>` across the board, even if it's actually a safe same-origin script served from your own site. In these cases, explicitly skip CSRF protection on actions that serve JavaScript meant for a `<script>` tag.

> To protect against all other forged requests, we introduce a _required security token_ that our site knows but other sites don't know. We include the security token in requests and verify it on the server. This can be enabled by setting `config.default_protect_from_forgery` in the [application configuration](configuring.html#configuring-action-controller):
> 
> ```ruby
> config.action_controller.default_protect_from_forgery = true
> ``` 
> 
> or by manually adding this one-liner to your application controller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To protect against all other forged requests, we introduce a _required security token_ that our site knows but other sites don't know. We include the security token in requests and verify it on the server. This is done automatically when `config.action_controller.default_protect_from_forgery` is set to `true`, which is the default for newly created Rails applications. You can also do it manually by adding the following to your application controller:
```

And for coherence, perhaps change the next sentence from "This will automatically include a security token" to "This will include a security token".
